# Visual-Cryptography

In the current technology-driven world, it is very essential for users to maintain their data privacy, and to provide security and privacy, encryption decryption is a very important concept to protect users’ data from any unauthorized access. Cyber Security is essential for each individual to watch their records and advanced information to keep undesirable clients from getting to it. Image encryption is a useful technique for the protection of image content shared over the internet. Different research publications on "Visual Cryptography" and related methods inspired us to create a better and more effective code and merge it into a working model. The project is based on the basic concept of visual cryptography. The solitary form of the visual cryptic issues recognizes that the message is made up of a collection of Black and White pixels, each of which is dealt with separately.

Our fundamental thought process is that we will utilize a superior algorithm, that is, "Rubik's Cube algorithm" which is a picture encryption that fuses an RBG shading plan, “Hill cipher” which uses input from the user to create unique subkeys and “Affine cipher” which uses the subkeys from Hill cipher to perform various operations on the image. We have also decided to incorporate the use of MMI to further increase security. We chose these algorithms because they are simple to grasp while still being incredibly safe. Instead of simply black and white photos, this combination of algorithms also allows us to encrypt and decrypt colored images.

The sample images used to test this project are available in the Sample Images folder. The encryption code to encrypt the image is labeled as Img_Encryption.ipynb and the decryption code to decrypt the encrypted image is labeled as Img_Decryption.ipynb. The Project Report file contains a more detailed explanation of the system architecture as well as an in-depth explanation of each module used in the project. 
